Nine major families in Yangzhou City joined forces to invest hundreds of billions.
I bid farewell personally and thank you for your support.
The next day, Gu Jia's child clicked to make him feel lonely. 700 million yuan still couldn't attract everyone.
If you are wise, you will move many new homes.
Qin's chef, I don't have much time left for you.
Direct access to the Internet. This is the only way Yangzhou can overcome the inability to save hundreds of billions of funds from its subordinates.
I'm afraid, please contact me for help.
Ling Shang, help us Qin Jia
If you follow the order, you will be immediately downgraded with hundreds of billions of funds.
Who uses Qin Jia? Thank you Zero Injury
This is how Li Jia went bankrupt not long ago
The only thing related to this guy Ye Fei
Don't look at it. This is a sure bet.
You Ye Shang Road Master
Is Li Jianeng going to Beijing to compare with Lin Jiaxiang?
One is Ma Yin and the other is Elephant
Not on the same level at all
Lin Jia is even more panic now
What else is there to worry about?
Now that I have come to Yangcheng City in a row,
Nature wants to protect lovers
Return home and settle down with Han